This document gives a brief overview of the source code for Reflex.

ReflexBase.v: Contains definitions of primitive data-types used in
Reflex (16-bit natural numbers, strings, file descriptors). Also
contains functions for creating instances of these data types and a
few simple lemmas about them.

ReflexFin.v: Contains a definition (fin) of natural numbers less than
n. Also contains functions for converting to and from nat and
functions for operating on fins.

ReflexDenoted.v: Contains type class definitions for denotations of
type descriptors.

ReflexVec.v: Contains a definition of homogenous vectors (containing
elements of the same type) of length n. Also contains functions for
operating on these vectors and various lemmas about them.

ReflexHVec.v: Contains a definition of heterogenous vectors
(containing elements of potentially different types) of length n. Also
contains functions for operating on these vectors and various lemmas
about them.

ReflexIO.v: Contains primitives for interacting with the outside
world. Their behavior (in terms of observable actions produced and
facts about open file descriptors) is specified by axioms. Contains a
few lemmas for reasoning about open file descriptors.

Reflex.v: Contains definitions for the implementation DSL and an
interpreter for this DSL. Also contains the definition of BehAbs, the
behavioral abstraction of all programs run using the interpreter and a
proof that the interpreter satisfies the behavioral abstraction for
all programs.

ReflexFrontend.v: 

ActionMatch.v: Defines action patterns and gives the semantics for
matching action patterns with concrete actions.

PolLang.v: Defines the primitives (Enables, Ensures, ImmBefore,
ImmAfter, Disables) for the trace-based policy language.

NIExists.v: Contains the definition of non-interference and sufficient
conditions for achieving non-interference (along with a proof of their
sufficiency.
